Add a metrics service for SensiNact (#175)
eclipse/org.eclipse.sensinact.gateway: prototype/docs/core/metrics.md

  * `-p95`: 95th percentile of values / times
  * `-p98`: 98th percentile of values / times
  * `-p99`: 99th percentile of values / times
  * `-p99_9`: 99.9th percentile of values / times

All reported metrics are stored in the sensiNact twin model at once using the `PrototypePush` service.
As a result, if many metrics have to be stored, the operation might impact the measured metrics themselves, like the core task time.

## Listen to metrics reports

You can listen to metrics reports by calling the `registerListener` method of the `org.eclipse.sensinact.core.metrics.IMetricsManager` service.
The method expects a consumer of `BulkGenericDto` a object that will be called after each report generation.
The registered listener has an ID that must be given to the `unregisterListener` method.
Each listener must be unregistered explicitly.

The `BulkGenericDto` provides a list of `GenericDto` objects that represents the resources as defined the [Core metrics section](#sensinact-metrics) and in the [metrics provider description](#note-on-the-metrics-provider).

## Store metrics

It is possible to store your own metrics in sensiNact by calling the `IMetricsManager` service.

> Make sure that the gauges you register are quick enough to note slow the metrics report generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the callback functions for any gauges you register execute quickly. If they block, or require significant computation, then they will significantly slow the metrics report generation *and* impact the measured metrics.
```

            // Compute the system CPU load compared the previous ticks
            return cpu.getSystemCpuLoadBetweenTicks(oldTicks);
        });

        // Register another callback method as a gauge. It will be called during each report generation
        metrics.registerGauge("oshi.memory.available", () -> {
            // Return the current available memory size
            return hal.getMemory().getAvailable();
        });
    }

    /**
     * The component is deactivated, the metrics service is still available
     */
    @Deactivate
    void deactivate() {
        // Unregister all gauges whose name starts with "oshi."
        metrics.unregisterGaugesByPrefix("oshi.");
    }
}
```

### Use timers

To use sensiNact metrics timers, it is recommended to use the try-with-resources pattern.
The timer is started as soon as it is returned by the metrics service and stopped when its `close()` method is called.

Here is an example usage:
```java
try (IMetricTimer timer = metrics.withTimer("tutorial.metric.name")) {
    executeTask();
}
```

Unlike other statistics, you cannot reuse a timer instance.

### Use other metrics

Counters and histograms can be used inline.

> It is not recommended to keep it as a class member as the returned instance depends on the metrics activation.

Reviewer: I think that this should be fixed in the implementation of the metrics, otherwise it just makes the usage harder.
